docs: tidy up quickstart & other docs polish (#409)
kurtosis-tech/kurtosis: docs/docs/quickstart.md

Introduction
------------

Welcome to the [Kurtosis][homepage] quickstart! This guide will take ~15 minutes and will walk you through building a basic Kurtosis package. This guide is in a "code along" format, meaning we assume the user will be following the code examples and running Kurtosis CLI commands on your local machine. Everything you will run in this guide is free, public, and does not contain any sensitive data.

For a quick read on what Kurtosis is and what problems Kurtosis aims to solve, our [introduction page][homepage] will be a great starting point, alongside our [motivations behind starting Kurtosis][why-we-built-kurtosis-explanation].

:::tip What You'll Do

- Start a containerized Postgres database in Kurtosis

> - Seed our database with test data using task sequencing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Seed your database with test data using task sequencing
```

> - Connect an API server to our database using dynamic service dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connect an API server to your database using dynamic service dependencies
```

> - Parameterize our application setup in order to automate loading data into our API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Parameterize your application setup in order to automate loading data into your API
```

> :::a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::
```

Reviewer: I'm guessing this a is a typo? lmk if wrong

kurtosis run --enclave quickstart main.star
```

> Kurtosis will work for a bit, and then deliver us the following result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kurtosis will work for a bit, and then deliver you the following result:
```

### Review: Hello, World
:::info
You'll use these "Review" sections to explain what happened in the section. 
:::

> In this section, you created a `main.star` file that simply told Kurtosis to print `Hello, world`. The `.star` extension corresponds to [Starlark][starlark-explanation], which is also used by Google and Meta as a build system configuration language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you created a `main.star` file that simply told Kurtosis to print `Hello, world`. **The `.star` extension corresponds to [Starlark][starlark-explanation], a Python dialect also used by Google and Meta for configuring build systems.**
```

Reviewer: bolded this because people keep overlooking it, and changed the wording a bit

Author: Spoke to Galen offline, not going to bold this section.

Let's see it in action, and we'll explain what's happening afterwards.

> First, in your working directory (kurtosis-quickstart) next to your `main.star` file, create a file called `kurtosis.yml` with the following contents:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, in your working directory (`kurtosis-quickstart`), next to your `main.star` file, create a file called `kurtosis.yml` with the following contents:
```

data_package_module_result = data_package_module.run(plan, struct())
```

This external Kurtosis package, named ["data-package"][data-package-example] contains the seed data for your Postgres instance that we [referenced earlier](#add-some-data) as a `.tar` file.

:::info
Special note here that we used a locator to import an external package from your [`awesome-kurtosis` repository][awesome-kurtosis-repo] and _not_ a regular URL. Learn more about how they differ [here][locators-reference].
:::

> #### We imported seed data into your Kurtosis package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### You imported seed data into your Kurtosis package
```

A [files artifact][files-artifacts-reference] is Kurtosis' first-class data primitive and is a TGZ of arbitrary files living inside an enclave. So long as a files artifact exists, Kurtosis knows how to mount its contents on a service.  

> #### We mounted and seeded the data into your Postgres instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### You mounted and seeded the data into your Postgres instance
```

postgrest: thread killed
```

> Looking back to your Starlark code, we can see the problem: we're creating the Postgres database with a user called `app_user`, but we're telling PostgREST to try and connect through a user called `postgres`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looking back to your Starlark code, you can see the problem: it's creating the Postgres database with a user called `app_user`, but it's telling PostgREST to try and connect through a user called `postgres`:
```

...Kurtosis simply swapped in the correct Postgres container Execution-time values. While future references take some getting used to, [we've found the feedback loop speedup to be very worth it][why-multi-phase-runs-explanation].

> **What we've just seen is Kurtosis' powerful ability to data generated at runtime to set up service dependencies in multi-container test environments. We also saw how seamless it was to to run on-box CLI commands on a container.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**What you've just seen is Kurtosis' powerful ability to data generated at runtime to set up service dependencies in multi-container test environments. You also saw how seamless it was to to run on-box CLI commands on a container.**
```

Modifying data
--------------

> Now that you have an API, we should be able to interact with the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have an API, you should be able to interact with the data.
```

def run(plan, args):
```

> **This section showed us how we can interact with the test environment we set up and also how to parametrize your distributed application for others to re-use.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This section showed how to interact with your test environment, and also how to parametrize it for others to easily modify and re-use.**
```

- Started a Postgres database in an ephemeral, isolated test environment
- Seeded your database by importing an external Starlark package from the internet
- Set up an API server for your database and gracefully handled dynamically generated dependency data
- Inserted & queried data via the API
- Parameterized data insertion for future use

> This was still just an introduction to Kurtosis. Feel read about these topics (and more) further in our docs where you can learn [what Kurtosis is][homepage], understand the [architecture][architecture-explanation], and hear our [inspiration for starting Kurtosis][why-we-built-kurtosis-explanation]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This was still just an introduction to Kurtosis. To dig deeper, visit other sections of our docs where you can read about [what Kurtosis is][homepage], understand the [architecture][architecture-explanation], and hear our [inspiration for starting Kurtosis][why-we-built-kurtosis-explanation]. 
```

> To keep exploring the world of Kurtosis beyond our docs, we encourage you to check out our [`awesome-kurtosis` repository][awesome-kurtosis-repo], where you will find real-world examples of how Kurtosis can be used, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about how Kurtosis is used, we encourage you to check out our [`awesome-kurtosis` repository][awesome-kurtosis-repo], where you will find real-world examples of Kurtosis in action, including:
```

- The [Ethereum package][ethereum-package], used by the Ethereum Foundation, which can be used to set up local testnets 

> - A powerful, paramterized package for standing up a local [Cassandra cluster with Grafana and Prometheus][cassandra-package-example] out-of-the-box

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A parameterized package for standing up an [n-node Cassandra cluster with Grafana and Prometheus][cassandra-package-example] out-of-the-box
```

- The [NEAR package][near-package] for local dApp development in the NEAR ecosystem

> Finally, we'd love to hear from you and engage with our users. Please don't hesitate to share with us what went well, and what didn't, using `kurtosis feedback` to file an issue in our [Github](https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/kurtosis/issues/new/choose), to [email us](mailto:feedback@kurtosistech.com), or to [chat with our cofounder, Kevin](https://calendly.com/d/zgt-f2c-66p/kurtosis-onboarding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, we'd love to hear from you. Please don't hesitate to share with us what went well, and what didn't, using `kurtosis feedback` to file an issue in our [Github](https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/kurtosis/issues/new/choose), to [email us](mailto:feedback@kurtosistech.com), or to [chat with our cofounder, Kevin](https://calendly.com/d/zgt-f2c-66p/kurtosis-onboarding).
```
